Overview of the API interface

This API interface is intended to include the most commonly used
features of ACTS so that ACTS can be seamlessly integrated into a test
environment.  More advanced features will be included in future
releases, based on user feedback.

This API interface consists of 11 classes. These classes can be
divided into the following groups:

(1) Group 1: This group consists of classes SUT, Parameter, Relation,
and Constraints.  These classes are used to define the input parameter
model of the system under test (SUT).

(2) Group 2: This group consists of classes TestGenProfile and
TestGenProfile.Mode.  These two classes are used to set up some
runtime options of the test generation engine.

(3) Group 3: This group consists of classes IPOEngine and
CoverageChecker.  Class IPOEngine is a test generation engine that
implements the IPOG algorithm.  Other test generation engines will be
included in the API interface in future releases and upon user
requests.  Class CoverageChecker can be used to check whether a test
set satisfies t-way coverage, and it supports relations and
constraints.

(4) Group 4: This group consists of classes TestSet and
TestSetWrapper.  Class TestSet represents a test set generated by a
test generation engine or imported from a file.  Class TestSetWrapper
provides convenience methods that perform some operations on a test
set.

(5) Group 5: This group consists of class OperationServiceException.
This exception is used by the backend to communicate an error
condition to the front end.

The usage of this API is relatively straightforward.  Two example
programs that use this API are included in the examples directory.
The users are recommended to consult the two examples prior to the use
of this API in their programs.
 
